Every one of us must do what’s in their power! If we’re going to die anyway, then it’s better to die fighting than to do nothing!
A real ninja is one who endures no matter what gets thrown at him … All you do need, is the guts to never give up.
Never underestimate your opponent, no matter how small they may seem.
A person grows up when he’s able to overcome hardships. Protection is important, but there are some things that a person must learn on his own.
People who continue to put their lives on the line to defend their faith become heroes and continue to exist on in legend.
When people are protecting something truly precious to them. They truly can become…as strong as they need to be!
If you don’t like your destiny, don’t accept it. Instead have the courage to change it the way you want it to be.
Never give up without even trying. Do what you can, no matter how small the effect it may have!
Hard work is worthless for those that don’t believe in themselves.
Power is not will, it is the phenomenon of physically making things happen.
The moon does not mourn over the dead. What it does is shine a light on the truth.
By looking at what’s blocking our way, with an open mind, a wall can be turned into a wide-open door.
Courage is a word that gives you the strength to do what’s right.
A trick is nothing but a puzzle mankind came up with. If you use your head, you can uncover the logical answer.
Give advice and good guidance, then halt if such is of no avail. Do not disgrace yourself for it.
Justice isn’t something that you can just proclaim. It’s a feeling you should keep near your heart.
The strong one doesn’t win. The one who wins is strong.
Life is short so it will be appreciated. We live to our fullest due to that.
Words are like swords. If you use them the wrong way, they can turn into ugly weapons.
When people make a mistake, it is nice to give them advice, but… if they don’t listen, just leave them alone. Otherwise, you’ll do yourself a disservice by wasting your time and effort.
Helping other people is the best way to make up for your mistakes.
If we were normal, we might not be alive today. And that, my friend, is what gives us the edge we need.
You can die anytime, but living takes true courage.
It is foolish to listen to one who will not listen to you. Do as you wish.
We shouldn’t blame ourselves for bad things that happened to us. Sometimes, no matter what we do, we are victims of the circumstances.
A man that can’t hold on to his beliefs can only be pathetic, dead or alive.
Trivial setbacks like yours and mine are nothing but common occurrences in everyday life!
If you wanna make people dream, you’ve gotta start by believing in that dream yourself!
Sometimes one must lose the battle in order to win the war.
If you wanna wallow in your tears, save it for after you’ve done everything you can.
If you don’t believe in anything, it no longer has the power to hurt.
Nothing’s perfect, the world’s not perfect, but it’s there for us, trying the best it can. That’s what makes it so damn beautiful.
Don’t beg for it, earn it. Do it, and you’ll be rewarded.
If you can truly believe in something, then the power of your belief will make it real.
I got my lifting and as long as I can keep lifting, no matter where I am, everything’s okay.
You’re not a good for nothing person. I think that being able to try your hardest to be something is a talent by itself.
You have to figure it out. Stand up and walk. Keep moving forward. You’ve got two good legs. So get up and use them. You’re strong enough to make your own path.
Don’t worry about what other people think. Hold your head up high and plunge forward.
Like I always say, can’t find a door? Make your own.
My motivation might seem trivial compared to yours, but I can’t lose, either. I have to live up to the hopes of those who supported me.
A person who does nothing but pose is sure to trip up someday.
Sometimes the things that matter the most are right in front of you.
A life that lives without doing anything is the same as a slow death.
Don’t just accept loss or defeat! Accept it after you’re dead. 
If you lose without dying… it means that luck is on your side.
You shouldn’t be crying over those things that happened in the past. Think of this, why do you think your eyes are placed in front? That is for you to see what’s up ahead.
In their heart, everyone has faith that their victory exists. However, in the face of time and destiny, the act of faith is fruitless and fleeting at best.
Life isn’t just doing things for yourself. It’s possible to live in such a way that other people’s happiness, makes you happy too.
A life without no changes can’t be called life. You can only call it experience.
It’s easier to crush a dream than realize one. Forming a bond is infinitely more difficult than breaking one.
You can't expect to win every single battle, but love's worth fighting for
When people constantly show their affection for you, you start taking it for granted. If you don’t realize how much they care for you until they’re gone, you’ll only be left with regret and remorse.
Whether here or in the real world, you can cry when it hurts. There’s no rule that you can’t show feelings just because it’s a game.
Before creation there must be destruction. If my soul stands in the way, then I’ll toss it aside. Yes, I have no choice but to move forward.
Even if no one believes in you, stick out your best and scream your defiance!
A Caterpie may change into a Butterfree, but the heart that beats inside remains the same.
People are all evil. In order to falsely believe yourself to be just, you must inevitably falsely believe that someone else is more evil than you.
God would never put us through all this suffering if he didn’t think we could bear it.
Why do people lie? It isn’t only because they struggle against each other, it’s also because there is something that they’re seeking.
I’m not fighting because I want to win, I’m fighting because I have to win.
We do have a lot in common. The same earth, the same air, the same sky. Maybe if we started looking at what’s the same, instead of looking at what’s different, well, who knows?
If there is such a thing like happiness in this world, it should resemble the endless nothingness. Nihility is having nothing and having nothing to lose. If that isn’t happiness… then what is?
The human heart is the source of all our power. We fight with the power of our hearts.
Become strong not just for your own sake, but for your friends.
You’ll stumble many times in the future, but when you do, each time you’ll have more strength to bounce back.
I see now that one’s birth is irrelevant. It’s what you do that determines who you are.
I thought that the closer the real and virtual world got, the better the future would be. But the more the boundary between them blurs, the more it starts to trick people.
If happiness had a form, what would it look like? It might be something like glass, because one doesn’t notice it normally. However, it is actually there … It will state it’s presence and existence more eloquently than any other thing in this world.
That’s just the way it is. Change is inevitable. Instead of resisting it, you’re better served simply going with the flow.
The value of a human being is within himself. Even though your face is very ugly, you do not need to be ashamed!
If you’re brave and courageous and never quit you can come out a winner, just like me.
Always believe in yourself. Do this and no matter where you are, you will have nothing to fear.
If a technological feat is possible, man will do it. Almost as if it’s wired into the core of our being.
They say that the best blaze burns brightest, when circumstances are at their worst.
It's funny how each day you wake up and never really know if it will be one that will change your life forever.
Life is suffering. It is hard. The world is cursed. But still you find reasons to keep living.
Just follow your heart and keep smiling.
Sometimes you have to fight for the things that are worth fighting for.
All things change in a dynamic environment. Your effort to remain what you are is what limits you.
Because people don't have wings, we look for ways to fly.
Stop pitying yourself. Pity yourself, and life becomes an endless nightmare.
Whether a fish lives in a clear stream or a water ditch, so long as it continues swimming forward, it will grow up beautifully.
Being alone is better than being with the wrong person.
How can you move forward if you keep regretting the past?
A dropout will beat a genius through hard work.
Fear is not evil. It tells you what your weakness is. And once you know your weakness, you can become stronger, as well as kinder.
If you feel yourself hitting up against your limit, remember for what cause you clench your fists! Remember why you started down this path, and let that memory carry you beyond your limit.
Although I’m weak and full of flaws, I will never stop moving forward. No matter who I am, no one other than myself will create my own existence. No matter what others may think or feel, I will still move forward as myself.
Maybe there’s only a dark road up ahead. But you still have to believe and keep going. Believe that the stars will light your path, even a little bit. Come on, let’s go on a journey!
Human strength lies in the ability to change yourself.
Knowing you’re different is only the beginning. If you accept these differences, you’ll be able to get past them and grow even closer.
Don't believe in yourself! Believe in the me who believes in you!
In this world, there’s no such thing as 'failure' in the first place. The one who knows the 'ways to win' more than anyone is also the one who’s experienced the most 'mistakes'. In other words… You could say 'failure' is equal to 'success'… Couldn’t you?
A different species, a different set of values, a world completely unlike your own. There is a feeling you can only get when you meet the unknown and open your mind.
Life is like a tube of toothpaste. When you’ve used all the toothpaste down to the last squeeze, that’s when you’ve really lived. Live with all your might, and struggle as long as you have life.
Once, I wrestled with the difficult question of how one should live as a tanuki. I felt I understood how to live an interesting life, but it was unclear what else I should do. And then somewhere along the line, idling my time away doing nothing, I realized that there's nothing else I need to do besides live an interesting life.
How can you move forward if you keep regretting the past?
Don't live your life making up excuses. The one making your choices is yourself!
If nobody cares to accept you and wants you in this world, accept yourself and you will see that you don't need them and their selfish ideas.
Don’t give up, there's no shame in falling down! The true shame is to not stand up again!
